the cool thing about muscles is they do
what you train them to do meaning if you
want to make them bigger you can make
them bigger if you want to make them
longer you can do that or get this you
could do both the other cool thing is
once you build bigger stretchier muscles
they tend to stick around for a while so
here's an example if I stopped
bodybuilding it would take a while for
my muscles to disappear and if I started
working on making them big again they
would come back twice as fast pretty
cool huh the same thing happens with
flexibility I've gone well over 6 months
without stretching and after a few days
of training again have all of my
flexibility come back the important part
is that you do the hard work and you
stay consistent and don't give up
something that takes years to acquire
will likely take years to lose so get to
it stay flexy